[Music]
in Los Angeles in November 2019 exposure
Rick Deckard
is detained by Officer gas and brought
to his former supervisor Bryant Deckard
whose job as a Blade Runner was to track
down bioengineered beings known as
replicants and retire or kill them is
informed that four have come to earth be
legally as tyrell corporation-- nexus 6
models they have only a four year
lifespan and may have come to earth to
try to extend their lives Deckard
watches a video of a Blade Runner named
Holden administering the voight-komp
test designed to distinguish replicants
from humans based on their emotional
response to questions the test subject
Leon shoots Holden after Holden asks
about Leon's mother Bryant wants Deckard
to retire Leon and the other three
replicants Roy daddy Zora and pris
Deckard initially refuses but after
Bryant ambiguously threatens him he
reluctantly agrees Decker begins his
investigation at the Tyrell corporation
to ensure that the test works on Nexus 6
models while there he discovers that
Eldon Tyrells assistant rachel is an
experimental replicant who believes
herself to be human Rachel has been
given false memories to provide an
emotional cushion as a result a more
extensive test is required to determine
whether she is relevant events are then
set into motion a pet Deckard search for
the replicants against their search for
Tyrell to force him to extend their
lives Roy and Leon investigate a
replicant I manufacturing laboratories
and learn of jf Sebastian a gifted
genetic designer who works closely with
Tyrell Rachael visits deck Arthas
apartment to prove her humanity by
showing him a family photo
but after dead guard reveals that her
memories are implants from Tyrells niece
she leaves his apartment in tears
meanwhile Chris locates Sebastian and
manipulates him to gain his trust while
searching Leone's hotel room Deckard
finds a photo of Zorah
and a synthetic snake scale that leads
him to a strip club where Zora works
Deckard kills aura and shortly after his
told by Bryan to also retire Rachel who
is
disappeared from the Tyrell corporation
after Deckard spots
Rachel in the crowd he is attacked by
Leon but Rachel killed Leon using deck
cards dropped pistol the two returned to
deck our department and during an
intimate discussion he promises not to
hunter as she abruptly tries to leave
that guard physically restrains her
forcing her to kiss him
arriving at Sebastian's apartment Roy
tells press the others are dead
sympathetic to their plight sebastian
revealed that because of Methuselah
syndrome a genetic premature aging
disorder his life will also be cut short
Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into
Tyrells secure penthouse where Roy
demands more life from his makers Tyrell
tells them that it is impossible Roy
confesses that he has done questionable
things which Tyrell dismisses praising
Roy's advanced design and
accomplishments in his short life Roy
kisses Tyrell then kills him Sebastian
runs for the elevator
followed by Roy who then rides the
elevator down alone though not shown it
is implied by Bryant via police radio
that Roy also kills Sebastian
upon entering Sebastian's apartment
Deckard is ambushed by Priss and he
manages to kill her just as Roy returns
as Roy starts to die he chases Deckard
through the building ending up on the
roof Deckard tries to jump to an
adjacent roof but misses and is left
hanging precariously between buildings
Roy makes the jump with ease and as
Deckard script loosens Roy heists him
onto the roof saving him as Roy's life
runs out he delivers a monologue about
how his memories will be lost in time
like tears and rain Roy dies in front of
deck guard who watches silently gaff
arrives and shouts across the deck guard
it's too bad she won't live
but then again who does that guard
returns to the apartment can find the
door ajar but rachel is safe asleep in
his bed as they leave deck guard notices
a small tin foil origami unicorn on the
floor
a familiar calling card that brings back
to him gasps final words Deckard and
Rachel quickly leave the apartment block